README.md, before:

# HN Special — A Hacker News extension
A theme and extension for [Hacker News](http://news.ycombinator.com) that improves the look and feel and adds some interesting features.

The available features can be enabled or disabled based on your personal preference. New feature contributions are welcome!

You can install this extension [from the Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hn-special-an-addition-to/cchaceegbflphbdpfocjalgjhjoahiia).

## Features
 - A modern looking visual theme
 - Infinite scrolling
 - Open links in new tab
 - More accurate domain names
 - Comment folding
 - Mark as read (thanks to [@taeram](https://twitter.com/taeram/))
 - Sticky header (thanks to [@obeattie](https://twitter.com/obeattie))
 - Grey visited links (thanks to [@bjenik](https://twitter.com/bjenik))
 - User information tooltips (thanks to sebmck)

#### Potential future features
 - Hide articles with certain keywords

## Installing
Go ahead and install HN Special [from the Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hn-special-an-addition-to/cchaceegbflphbdpfocjalgjhjoahiia).  
Please avoid installing it from the *Releases* section of this repository because the latest release isn't the most up-to-date one.

## Contributing

Please see the [contributing guide &raquo;](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Notable mentions
Many thanks to [@taeram](https://twitter.com/taeram/), [@obeattie](https://twitter.com/obeattie), [@bjenik](https://twitter.com/bjenik), sebmck and [@messaged](https://twitter.com/messaged) for the contributions!

## License
HN Special is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.txt)

Commit message:

Added Firefox build and install instructions.

README.md, after:

# HN Special — A Hacker News extension
A theme and extension for [Hacker News](http://news.ycombinator.com) that improves the look and feel and adds some interesting features.

![Screenshot](/promo/screenshot1.png)

The available features can be enabled or disabled based on your personal preference. New feature contributions are welcome!

You can install this extension [from the Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hn-special-an-addition-to/cchaceegbflphbdpfocjalgjhjoahiia).

## Features
 - A modern looking visual theme
 - Infinite scrolling
 - Open links in new tab
 - More accurate domain names
 - Comment folding
 - Mark as read (thanks to [@taeram](https://twitter.com/taeram/))
 - Sticky header (thanks to [@obeattie](https://twitter.com/obeattie))
 - Grey visited links (thanks to [@bjenik](https://twitter.com/bjenik))
 - User information tooltips (thanks to sebmck)
 - Firefox support (thanks to [PxlBuzzard](https://github.com/PxlBuzzard) and [ColdenCullen](https://github.com/ColdenCullen))

#### Potential future features
 - Hide articles with certain keywords

## Installing

### Chrome

Go ahead and install HN Special [from the Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hn-special-an-addition-to/cchaceegbflphbdpfocjalgjhjoahiia).

### Firefox

For now, download the .xpi from the Releases section.

## Contributing

Please see the [contributing guide &raquo;](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Notable mentions
Many thanks to [@taeram](https://twitter.com/taeram/), [@obeattie](https://twitter.com/obeattie), [@bjenik](https://twitter.com/bjenik), sebmck and [@messaged](https://twitter.com/messaged) for the contributions!

## License
HN Special is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.txt).
